face is wild which
the folks at your Sears tire and auto
center where you can depend on straight
talk good values and satisfaction help
keep your car going at Sears as I SCP
SCP gas treatment and pet CP oil
treatment
the marvelous month of May continues for
ABC sports yesterday we were in
Baltimore for the exciting and
controversial running of the Preakness
today we've moved to Tampa Florida for
the opening of our second year of
coverage of the North American Soccer
League as you can see a big crowd is on
hand estimated at better than 30,000
people under a broiling Sun on a really
hot and humid afternoon you saw that
some of them are dressed in the green
and yellow colors of their hometown
Tampa Bay Rowdies there's great
enthusiasm here I can tell you that I'm
Jim McKay and well here we go again as I
said with our second year of covering
soccer in the North American League this
of course is professional soccer it's a
non-stop game there are no timeouts and
to 45 minute halves they're only three
substitutes allowed for each team and
once you come out of the ballgame you
can't go back in again it's a game that
is sometimes physical always fast and
always extremely skillful to match up
today well it should as I said be a most
exciting afternoon a rematch of Soccer
Bowl 79 with the league champion
Vancouver Whitecaps taking on the
hometown Tampa Bay Rowdies here gathered
30,000 people among them one of the
youngest Tampa Bay route rooters and in
a moment we'll be meeting some of the
players Freeman in the wall they're a
four-man five-man wall now that ball can
be traveling 8090 miles an hour when it
hits one of those plays
by the bone
it was almost on top of him very quickly
sample days are no score in this game
st wiggly the winger moving in
these robbers in there
because fabiani also
Julie scores
give an assist on that Belgium but they
certainly should not do that with way
the initial possum barrage was a beauty
but Whaley had much to do when he got
that ball but he did it all
we're picking up a little ladies already
got grumble I so here he gets in that
short and frantic through all those
players there Steve here he is getting
around the lights out on the left wing
leaves him for dead
the ball slips through Danes and bounds
pulls it back inside at a right-footed
shot
can we pulled that shot back
the shop threading its way
the kind of singles
first to be cool
against the goal this is gonna be funny
on me taking it too
anywhere near the famous
by the game
it'll be cooter nothing if he makes it
hi
Oh
last year he got quite well he made this
place for several quick but you could
see it coming just before we went away
the last commercial David wrong and the
easiest of all they give this away give
that one away lightning strike for Linda
shock fertilizer
overlapping down there and getting into
the and it's all
what he does so well we haven't seen
opportunity presents itself
go away he didn't need to give it away
at time but he lost control of it niggas
post in the middle and that's how
fabiani got the chance to school that
lovers
isn't it great to see people afraid to
show a little
get away too late there's not much he
could have done with it anyway
I said earlier this I think is been
Devine with the past beautifully judged
beautifully judged past Shira and look
at that's why I just really haven't
words to describe how perfect the
angling and the placing of that shorty
Athens van der Veen that is a beautiful
pass
well who the crew
beautiful beautiful
fair enough result I think it all closed
another one goal game but certainly
Tampa had there at